1.Explain the automation framework
2.What unit testing framework are you using
3.What is the difference between JUnit and TestNg
4.How can you rerun failed test cases
5.What CI/CD tool have you used
6.Do you know how to create a parametrized pipeline job
7.We need to save username of students, input username and print valid if it contains alphanumeric and invalid if it contains any special characters or spaces or duplicate username.
 WAP in java or python to handle it
8.WAP to count occurrences of characters in a string
9.WAP to find the highest number from the array w/o using inbuilt method 10.WAP to reverse the string without using inbuilt method
11.What is the difference between string and string buffer
12.What is the difference between private, public and protected access modifiers
 13.Collections framework heirarchy interfaces and their classes
14.What is the difference between hashtable and hashset
15.What is the difference between comparable and comparator
16.Explain the exception hierarchy
17.WAP to create a custom exception
18.What is an interface and an abstract class?
19.Why abstract class is allowed to have a constructor
20.Difference between final, finally and finalize?
21.Explain polymorphism
22.WAP to override a function
23.Do you know about Java 8
24.What is java streams and lambda expression
25.What is git rebase and get merge
26.When to use git rebase
27.What is the functional interface
28.What is the difference in status code 401 and 403
29.What is the difference between oAuth 1.0 and oAuth2.0
30.WAP using RestAssured library and include assertions that you would use in a get or post call
31.What is the content type in oAuth2.0
32.Write a SQL query using join (two tables were given and their column names)
33.WAP to handle multiple windows in selenium
34.WAP to capture screenshots in selenium
35.How do you handle synchronisation in automation scripts
36.Write the syntax for fluent wait
37.WAP to read/write data from excel file
38.What are the different stages of an Automation test
39.What are different types of testing
40.What is the difference between priority and severity
41.What are fields required to log a bug/defect
42.What is a test plan, what are the things included in it
43.Explain briefly different phases of SDLC.



Ans4-> IRetryAnalyzer Interface and RetryListner that implements IAnnotationTransformer have arguments as
ITestAnnotation annotation Class testClass, Constructor constructor, Methods testMethods

Actually if we dont use retry Listener then every time in the test case we have to add
retryanalyzer=RetryAnalyzer.class but by adding RetryListener the job will be done autmatically. It will check if RetryAnalzer.class is added or not if not the
it will add it.Just we need pass this in testng.xml file under listeners
Ans3-> Difference is that
TestNG supports parallel execution but junit doesn't provide support for parallel execution
TestNG also supports retry failed TestCases,using IRetry Analyzer
Supports dependencies using dependsOnMethods

Ans14->Difference between HashTable and HashMap is that.
Hashtable is synchronized meaning it is thread safe and hashmap is not thread safe
Hashtable doesnt allow null key and values   hashmao allows 1 null key and multiple values

Ans16->Exception Hirearchy
        Throwable
        Exception                     Error
        Unchecked Exception
          Null Pointer Exception
          IndexOutOfBoundException
          ArrayIndexOutofBoundException
          StringIndexOutofBound Exception



        Checked Exception
        FileNotFoundException
        Interrupted exception









Ans-27->A Functional Interface is an interface that contains only one abstract method but can have multiple default and static methods.
 It is mainly used to implement Lambda Expressions,
 which help in writing cleaner and more concise code by eliminating the need for creating separate classes for implementation."


Adobe
-----
#Round 1 : Technical : (1 hour )
👉 Asked Selenium Framework in depth.
👉 Where have you used OOPS Concepts in your framework.
👉 How to run selenium scripts on already Opened Browser ?
👉 Selenium Questions : Handle Multiple Windows , Dynamic Dropdowns,handle shadow dom elements
👉Print all values of customer salary from given Graph using selenium.
👉 Java Questions : Functional Interface, Multithreading basics.
👉 Write Java Code to Print all the Permutations of a given string.
🔥 He gave me a puzzle.I gave him a solution after 5 minutes of hit and trial he was convinced 70% with the solution.
-----------------------------------------------------------------
hashtag#Round 2 : Technical (1 hour)
👉 Bug Life cycle. Bug Severity,Priority.
👉 Write code for Database Connection.
👉 How will you do parallel testing using testNg , use of IRetryAnalyzer ( asked me to write code)
👉 Write code and explain Singleton design pattern.
👉 Git command : fetch ,pull ,clone use.
👉 Find the Kth largest and Kth smallest element in array.
👉 Asked me Linux commands.
🔥 He gave me a puzzle and asked me to give the best answer possible : I gave the answer and he was convinced to some extent.
------------------------------------------------------------
hashtag#Round 3 : Technical ( 1 hour )
👉 Sort array of 0,1,2 in O(n) time.
👉 Palindromic substrings Leetcode question.Solved it after few errors.
👉 How will you write xpaths for disappearing elements in selenium ?
👉 Few Javascript basics.
👉 How would you setup your framework with Jenkins. ?



1) You are asked to automate a functionality that is not yet fully developed. How do you handle this?
2) If a Test fails, what will be your next step?
3) If the application has minor changes, what would be your approach to modifying the Automation scripts?
4) How would you automate login functionality for a website?
5) How would you automate a Test scenario where you need to check if an email is sent after a user registration?
6) If there is a scenario that takes a long time to execute, would you prefer Manual TestNG or Automation Testing?
7) How would you automate a scenario where you need to validate the contents of a downloaded file after clicking a button on a webpage?
8) How would you automate a scenario where you need to verify a specific color, font, and position of an element on a webpage?
9) How would you handle pop-up windows or alert boxes in your Automation script?
10) How would you automate a scenario where you need to verify if a user is able to scroll down a webpage until the footer section is visible?
11) You've been asked to automate a legacy application. What is your approach?
12) A script you wrote was working fine yesterday but is failing today. How do you troubleshoot?
13) Your Automation scripts are running slowly. How can you improve the speed?14) Your Automation script is failing due to a change in the application. How do you handle this?



1. Write a code for GET http request assuming a pojo class, call the methods and check output is success.
2. What is deserialization explain it and where you used it in your project ?
3. Difference between HashMap and Hashtable ?
4. Write a java code scenario: you have 50000 in your bank account, implement credit and debit amount methods and if the debit amount is more throw an user defined exception ?
5. Tell me where and why you used oops concepts in your project ?
6. can you give examples of functional interfaces ?
7. What is an abstract class ? Can you instantiate it ?
8. Can class be private, follow- up if you want to call that class in another package can you do it ?
9. Tell me Exception hierarchy - follow up --> Tell me some examples of checked exceptions you encountered while automating
10. Have you been involved in parallel testing. How are you executing the automation code and asking to build ?
11. What design pattern you used - answered POM follow-up -> Explain POM and what are the disadvantages ?
12. What reporting you used to follow up explains logic and where you wrote the code to get the report for so and so tests ?
13. Did you face any challenges while doing API testing in a project ?
14. Did you have an idea on BDD cucumber? Give me an overview on framework ?
15. Haw are you managing your code ? Did you use any static code analysis tool on your project ?
16. Do you have any idea on Jenkins ? How you are running regression what is pipeline and how you manage it ?